My jade pendant
Why are you here?
Three years ago, I was hunted down.
You saved me.
This jade pendant
I also picked it up at that time.
Help Me
I'll give you what you want.
Ah!
At that time, you used secret methods to protect my heart
Saved me from hell
I haven't had time to thank you yet.
Secret method or something
I just learned a little bit from the master
But why were you hunted down 3 years ago?
My second uncle is afraid of people chasing me
It's okay, it's over.
If it weren't for the broken legs
My second uncle won't let me live until now
So poor
His family broke his legs.
Can only endure in silence
But it doesn't matter
The most important thing now is
We're getting married.
If you have ten dollars
Destroy
You admit it yourself